CodeWorkouts

Hello! As a programmer I'm always interested to learn the routines that other programmers come up with to work effeciently. Do they drink coffee? Tea? Something a little harder? Are they into Nootropics? Do they take timed breaks, meditate, nap or just down a Redbull? CodeWorkouts is where you can learn the tips and tricks that other programmers have developed to work in their prime. 

About

CodeWorkouts was created by Tadzio Smith, a full-stack web developer studying the Learn.Co curriculum of the Flatiron School. Feel free to contact him at tadzio.smith@gmail.com

Usage

The application can be run locally on your localhost:

In terminal, clone it (git clone https://github.com/tddycks/code-routines-rails-app.git) In the application folder, run Bundler (bundle install) then migrate the database (rake db:migrate). Start your local server (Rails s).

Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub.

Fork it (https://github.com/tddycks/code-routines-rails-app.git) Create your feature branch (git checkout -b my-new-feature) Commit your changes (git commit -m 'Add a feature') Push to the branch (git push origin my-new-feature) Create a new Pull Request This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the Contributor Covenant code of conduct.

License

This project was created as part of the curriculum of Learn.co which is publicly and freely available under Learn's Educational Content License.
